blog: Add support by blabber.im (#62)
xsf/xmpp-providers-website: content/blog/2022-08-17-xmpp-proivders-in-blabber-im.md

---
title: XMPP Providers in blabber.im
date: 2022-08-17
---

## Easy Onboarding with Android Chat App

A new version of the Android XMPP chat app blabber.im has been released.
It provides an easy onboarding.
Passwords are generated automatically and XMPP providers are suggested.

> That suggestion is based on our curated list of XMPP providers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Suggestions are based on our curated list of XMPP providers.
```

Author: What about?
```suggestion
Those suggestions are based on our curated list of XMPP providers.
```

> ![blabber.im integrating XMPP Providers](/static/posts/blabber-im-with-xmpp-providers.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![blabber.im integrating XMPP Providers](/posts/blabber-im-with-xmpp-providers.png)
```

## Usage of XMPP Providers' Data during Regular Usage

> blabber.im went even a step further.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
blabber.im event went a step further.
```

Author: ```suggestion
blabber.im even went a step further.
```

> Users can open the page for resetting their passwords on their providers' websites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If users need to reset their password, they are now directly navigated to their providers' password reset web page.
```
